+++
title = "Modular Deep Q Networks for Sim-to-real Transfer of Visuo-motor Policies"
date = 2017-12-11T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Fangyi Zhang**", "Jürgen Leitner", "Michael Milford", "Peter Corke"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *the Australasian Conference on Robotics and Automation (ACRA)* (**Best Paper Finalist**)."
publication_short = "In *ACRA* (**Best Paper Finalist**)"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "While deep learning has had significant successes in computer vision thanks to the abundance of visual data, collecting sufficiently large real-world datasets for robot learning can be costly. To increase the practicality of these techniques on real robots, we propose a modular deep reinforcement learning method capable of transferring models trained in simulation to a real-world robotic task. We introduce a bottleneck between perception and control, enabling the networks to be trained independently, but then merged and fine-tuned in an end-to-end manner. On a canonical, planar visually-guided robot reaching task a fine-tuned accuracy of 1.6 pixels is achieved, a significant improvement over naive transfer (17.5 px), showing the potential for more complicated and broader applications. Our method provides a technique for more efficiently improving hand-eye coordination on a real robotic system without relying entirely on large real-world robot datasets."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["sim2real_learning"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://cattle3d.com/pap146s1-file1.pdf"
url_preprint = "https://eprints.qut.edu.au/115232/"
url_arxiv = "https://arxiv.org/abs/1610.06781.pdf"
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = "https://youtu.be/ybuFdsE6AjY"
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

# image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
# caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

{{< youtube ybuFdsE6AjY >}}

<!-- More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code. -->
