+++
title = "Towards Vision-Based Deep Reinforcement Learning for Robotic Motion Control"
date = 2015-12-02T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Fangyi Zhang**", "Jürgen Leitner", "Michael Milford", "Ben Upcroft", "Peter Corke"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *the Australasian Conference on Robotics and Automation (ACRA)*."
publication_short = "In *ACRA*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "This paper introduces a machine learning based system for controlling a robotic manipulator with visual perception only. The capability to autonomously learn robot controllers solely from raw-pixel images and without any prior knowledge of configuration is shown for the first time. We build upon the success of recent deep reinforcement learning and develop a system for learning target reaching with a three-joint robot manipulator using external visual observation. A Deep Q Network (DQN) was demonstrated to perform target reaching after training in simulation. Transferring the network to real hardware and real observation in a naive approach failed, but experiments show that the network works when replacing camera images with synthetic images."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["sim2real_learning"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://www.araa.asn.au/acra/acra2015/papers/pap168.pdf"
url_preprint = "https://eprints.qut.edu.au/92332/"
url_arxiv = "http://arxiv.org/abs/1511.03791.pdf"
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = "https://youtu.be/6cz-mcM4Qkc"
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

# image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
# caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

{{< youtube 6cz-mcM4Qkc >}}

<!-- More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code. -->
