+++
title = "Asynchronous Blind Signal Decomposition Using Tiny-Length Code for Visible Light Communication-Based Indoor Localization"
date = 2015-05-26T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Fangyi Zhang**", "Kejie Qiu", "Ming Liu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *the IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA)*."
publication_short = "In *ICRA*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Indoor localization is a fundamental capability for service robots and indoor applications on mobile devices. To realize that, the cost and performance are of great concern. In this paper, we introduce a lightweight signal encoding and decomposition method for a low-cost and low-power Visible Light Communication (VLC)-based indoor localization system. Firstly, a Gold-sequence-based tiny-length code selection method is introduced for light encoding. Then a correlation-based asynchronous blind light-signal decomposition method is developed for the decomposition of the lights mixed with modulated light sources. It is able to decompose the mixed light-signal package in real-time. The average decomposition time-cost for each frame is 20 ms. By using the decomposition results, the localization system achieves accuracy at 0.56 m. These features outperform other existing low-cost indoor localization approaches, such as WiFiSLAM."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["vlc"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7139580"
url_preprint = ""
url_arxiv = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = "https://youtu.be/FGUM7P4xpGg"
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

# image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
# caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

{{< youtube FGUM7P4xpGg >}}

<!-- More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code. -->
