+++
title = "The ACRV Picking Benchmark: A Robotic Shelf Picking Benchmark to Foster Reproducible Research"
date = 2017-05-29T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Jürgen Leitner", " Adam W. Tow", "Niko Sünderhauf", "Jake E. Dean", "Joseph W. Durham", "Matthew Cooper", "Markus Eich", "Christopher Lehnert", "Ruben Mangels", "Christopher McCool", "Peter T. Kujala", "Lachlan Nicholson", "Trung Pham", "James Sergeant", "Liao Wu", "**Fangyi Zhang**", "Ben Upcroft", "Peter Corke"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *the IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA)*."
publication_short = "In *ICRA*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Robotic challenges like the Amazon Picking Challenge (APC) or the DARPA Challenges are an established and important way to drive scientific progress. They make research comparable on a well-defined benchmark with equal test conditions for all participants. However, such challenge events occur only occasionally, are limited to a small number of contestants, and the test conditions are very difficult to replicate after the main event. We present a new physical benchmark challenge for robotic picking: the ACRV Picking Benchmark. Designed to be reproducible, it consists of a set of 42 common objects, a widely available shelf, and exact guidelines for object arrangement using stencils. A well-defined evaluation protocol enables the comparison of complete robotic systems - including perception and manipulation - instead of sub-systems only. Our paper also describes and reports results achieved by an open baseline system based on a Baxter robot."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["robotic_manipulation"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7989545"
url_preprint = "https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.05258.pdf"
# url_arxiv = "https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.05258.pdf"
url_code = "https://github.com/Juxi/apb-baseline"
url_dataset = "http://juxi.net/dataset/acrv-picking-benchmark/#objects"
url_project = "http://juxi.net/dataset/acrv-picking-benchmark/"
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

# image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
# caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

{{< youtube kiPumsk9TBk >}}

<!-- More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code. -->
