+++
title = "Visible Light Communication-based Indoor Localization using Gaussian Process"
date = 2015-09-28T00:00:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Kejie Qiu", "**Fangyi Zhang**", "Ming Liu"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *the IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)*."
publication_short = "In *IROS*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "For mobile robots and position-based services, such as healthcare service, precise localization is the most fundamental capability while low-cost localization solutions are with increasing need and potentially have a wide market. A low-cost localization solution based on a novel Visible Light Communication (VLC) system for indoor environments is proposed in this paper. A number of modulated LED lights are used as beacons to aid indoor localization additional to illumination. A Gaussian Process(GP) is used to model the intensity distributions of the light sources. A Bayesian localization framework is constructed using the results of the GP, leading to precise localization. Path-planning is hereby feasible by only using the GP variance field, rather than using a metric map. Dijkstra's algorithm-based path-planner is adopted to cope with the practical situations. We demonstrate our localization system by real-time experiments performed on a tablet PC in an indoor environment."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["vlc"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7353809"
url_preprint = ""
url_arxiv = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

# image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
# caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

<!-- {{< youtube bVIw1DeuuYg >}} -->

<!-- More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code. -->
